hello to all of you ru
I finally got out of his letter
well deserved rest and finally the scale
patrol resumes
and today's video will not be delivered
smarter like let's see my thread go
thinking I was thinking then did he
hello friends we are not yet
just today you and I just know on
theme that owls need to do so that he
again achieved peak subscriptions equal
quantities greater than 10 million
man this is a turn
Well, let's start with what the media Corelli waters ro
forgotten every player ears hours and after
lich I fly later
I mean the ability to play old
addons do not affect content in
pandaria
and the cataclysm personally I would be with great
gladly created a new account
as your main sold in order again
play availability so please you
great pirate come on play x1 the same
the most that its five years ago in what
the difference is that you don't play pirate
server or as a last resort and just
playing the listing
but she that is just to run school is not
affecting the content of the cataclysm and donated
all the problem is just run one by one
and by the same kind of faithful of this dwelling
group of 25 people all the way 80 level what
what's stopping you from same machine
but just imagine how it would be
wonderfully meet the guild seas
Russian teachers forced it
write yes everyone ran begging
grades will protect from and take begging
so that you write the text under the world of
warcraft
being sure that the teacher also plays
him guys quarrel well, not tomorrow with
in the morning to school and the lessons you managed to do
lessons what a fucking lesson I am a teacher not
by
that demons ca n't couple game worlds one
same game world with the name lich king
redo the old addon old version
in theory
just need to remove a few
packages of files so that we can again
play on the axis we call bk of course
access you say there is a wise couple
packages then we go back to the past
warcraft
that is, under you catch there I will climb
now the data folder and deleted a pair
any batch of files like you them
you call me by all means for example
lich king back to the grave and her ass 2
you boy
because it's all separately
prescribed all these programs are implanted
each other from you want something for me
say about word of our man who
spent in this game dead time
sit silently so here if we are all
still remove a couple of files from the off
then there is nothing left we can not
play maybe I'll surprise you
maybe disappointing but in my opinion
blizzard entertainment
hardly left the old locations after
rework them new
and what each game is
a world of pain all just this powerful
sistemnik with powerful processes and the whole
other fillings that are responsible for one
of the worlds
so why not loosen a couple by letting
opportunity for us to feel those again
wonderful feelings of the world
warcraft remember all those beautiful
landscapes snowy mountains north
or those cosmic unimaginable species
opening to us beyond the limit again
run the dollar well or reward again
for hours to sit at the exit with a leaflet and
handle calculate all the grains of his
character
counting statues more suitable gear
with lining feel again
lack of angle length learning skill
feel again the power of the vast wide
talent branches again with a face on such
combine every point of talent for
Improve your own skill in morph
count attack weapon speeds so
for example it was
playing for the horn because we thought the speed
attacks on each arm and distributed i
given by divers depending on
intensity as well as the dagger of each hand
or again to make fragments of a shower for a varnish
or accumulating gold help buy
long-awaited mechano cycle or again
there is not enough budget
only such lyrical music
run a dollar back or reward
again for hours 1 come in with dots and a pen
calculating all the grains of your character
counting statues more suitable gear
with overlays
After all, the bases themselves were placed in one of
cinematics immediately
should always be
because all this is possible and yes
on some pirates and on the thread I
sure it is just a matter of time
when the blis still announce a similar
opportunities will happen but it will happen
then when lichke to Moscow will go removed
beyond the future through the portal
emerald sleep which never
fixed in a link then united
idols who will create armies gene
barge haulers who are butterfly like am such
and will start to call besides div runes which
in turn was then king kadgar
who wants to create dota 3 in style
Minecraft and plot and style 4 thereby
build global
to all Azeroth, but the trawl has made itself
hair play for good with
copies of the peas that will make genna in
fishing time under the city will close the portal
will close the portal with a bunch of panes
azerot will sleep he a die for
something useful that was with you
tire fok and my dream towards
content fishing on and i say goodbye to you but
remember no one will leave alive leave
More likes More views than
more comments will be more often
go put or render patrols